CAESAR CIPHER:
vjg hqnnqykpi rtqdngo ecp dg uqnxgf gkvjgt vjg gcua yca qt vjg jctf yca.

vyq vtckpu 200 okngu crctv ctg oqxkpi vqyctf gcej qvjgt; gcej qpg ku iqkpi
cv c urggf qh 50 okngu rgt jqwt. c hna uvctvkpi qp vjg htqpv qh qpg qh
vjgo hnkgu dcem cpf hqtvj dgvyggp vjgo cv c tcvg qh 75 okngu rgt jqwt. kv
fqgu vjku wpvkn vjg vtckpu eqnnkfg cpf etwuj vjg hna vq fgcvj.  yjcv ku vjg
vqvcn fkuvcpeg vjg hna jcu hnqyp?

vjg hna cevwcnna jkvu gcej vtckp cp kphkpkvg pwodgt qh vkogu dghqtg kv igvu
etwujgf, cpf qpg eqwnf uqnxg vjg rtqdngo vjg jctf yca ykvj rgpekn cpf rcrgt
da uwookpi cp kphkpkvg ugtkgu qh fkuvcpegu.  vjg gcua yca ku cu hqnnqyu:
ukpeg vjg vtckpu ctg 200 okngu crctv cpf gcej vtckp ku iqkpi 50 okngu cp
jqwt, kv vcmgu 2 jqwtu hqt vjg vtckpu vq eqnnkfg.  vjgtghqtg vjg hna ycu
hnakpi hqt vyq jqwtu. ukpeg vjg hna ycu hnakpi cv c tcvg qh 75 okngu rgt
jqwt, vjg hna owuv jcxg hnqyp 150 okngu. vjcv ku cnn vjgtg ku vq kv.

yjgp vjku rtqdngo ycu rqugf vq lqjp xqp pgwocpp, jg koogfkcvgna tgrnkgf,
"150 okngu."

"kv ku xgta uvtcpig," uckf vjg rqugt, "dwv pgctna gxgtaqpg vtkgu vq uwo vjg
kphkpkvg ugtkgu."

"yjcv fq aqw ogcp, uvtcpig?" cumgf xqp pgwocpp.  "vjcv ku jqy k fkf kv!"

VIGENERE CIPHER:
olv dgeccjoxk nmssjwf toa ho wmgzvb wbkvrx dlc zejw otp ce zri fvvu usr.

kkb zbegiw 200 dgdxj ocgbx ymi dmnbeu gugepy iraz hkvrx; oeac sec al xcvtq
er v wgcww ft 50 zoviq kii fgni. o sri wrvvkgfz fb gno jpjrk mx hes bl
dlch jcgwl sopq krb asirz uvhjkor rcid yl t iogk yj 75 kdpvq hxi vbab. mr
ysvq lazg htdmj olv rjtzbf iypjdhv yfw tfhyr xfz jcw lh usnzr.  afvx zq lav
hbzkp bdwkyfvv huk ppw cej ddhnb?

gno jjt etrmtczl nsxq zetf lkrwa gx mlameglx eizhov ma xzkwl sssubi go kvrk
viifnoh, yih flw vfiyj csjqi kfw iicoroq rci yyjw nol csxf kieaae rbq vktcm
fp qmfdwam kr gijzlamv grxsiq jj ugkmrbpkc.  xfz irqq prm vy kw djpcmol:
jwaio xfz xiyagj oek 200 wmjzw rnskk oaj oeac xiyag zg tusre 50 hmcck te
vbab, mr oebck 2 afiey psp olv rjtzbf zy gmgpzbw.  mysekpspz xyc xep kny
ppwdrx dgk kkb nyypn. wzlux kvr lvc uvw wjqbeu nz k vyoi fd 75 ebcsf vov
fjyi, rzx wzl sewr cemc xefka 150 sspcn. xyyl bj oyr dlcmi zq lh zh.

jnor rcmj njhszrs geq ksjcv mf xbnx zmi rvseteb, uk sqkzhzylxcm ekzpgzh,
"150 dgdxj."

"wg oc zcmc jrjteur," ykmb olv nglvf, "oad rcvvcw wovfluxi rmmvq lh jiz zri
gijzlamv grxsiq."

"rlrr vh pch soel, nxiyfzv?" ofqoh tjr ecmfrba.  "zrer dw ymo b uwq od!"